Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Encapsulation` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

This project was my favorite homework assignment so far, because we got to work on the connection between interfaces and how to handle a larger system with smaller components. I have previously worked on similar projects, where I handled multiple classes as a part of one software program, and it was particularly tricky with no guidance, so I found this assignment to be very helpful in understanding how to separate functionality for each aspect of the program. I initially found it confusing to use private variables, because the public getter methods seemed redundant if one could access the variables directly. However, as I worked on the program, I began to understand how encapsulation could create a clearer structure when working with multiple classes or interfaces and needing to access different objects and their attributes without altering their values unintentionally. By creating clear, well defined ways of altering or accessing that data, it becomes a lot easier to code these interfaces to be usable in various other environments. I definitely feel a lot more confident in my own Java skills and understanding than before this assignment, and I personally enjoyed debugging and experimenting with different methods in this assignment. I would advise future programmers in this course to spend a lot of time reading through their lecture notes and looking at the official Java documentation, especially when they get stuck, because it not only clarifies that doubt but often provides other information that might be useful later in the coding process. Also, definitely run multiple different tests at every step, especially for each class - it's been the best way for me to find errors that didn't show up when running the overall program, but were smaller details that I would not have caught otherwise, such as variables being incorrectly ordered in constructors, or ArrayLists not adding objects due to syntax errors, affecting the whole program without me realising it.